Michael Lewis

Concert Report
The Big 4 Sofia, Metallica set circa 2010
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PMn0M32kA6k

	The concert occured in the evening on the date of June 22, 2010 in Sofia, Bulgaria as a live show. The set list started with Creeping Death proceding into For Whom the Bell Tolls, Fuel, Harvester of Sorrow, Fade to Black, That Was Just Your Life, Cyanide, Sad But True, Welcome Home (Sanitarium), All Nightmare Long, One, Master of Puppets, Blackened, Nothing Else Matters, Enter Sandman. The Encore of Metallica's set was Am I Evil (composed by Diamond Head) accompanied by members of the other bands from the Big 4 (Anthrax, Megadeth, Slayer), Hit the Lights, and Seek and Destroy.

	The concert took place in Levski Stadium in Sofia Bulgaria. If there were seats at the event they most certainly were not used. The stage the performers played on was about 72 to 80 inches above ground putting them about a head and shoulder above the average height of an adult male. The band wore black shirts or a jersy in Robert Trujillo's case, and black jeans, or shorts except for Lars Ulrich in blue jeans. The audiance was hard to see during Metallica's set but during the sets of Anthrax, Slayer, and Megadeth you could see that they were mostly wearing hard rock and metal band tees. The audience was always active either headbanging, waving arms or shaking fists or just generaly jumping around and singing along with the songs or in some cases specialy when prompted by James Hetfield collectively being loud enough to be heard through the amps.

	The song I personaly gravitated to or liked the best was Blackened. I liked the performance of this song because of the accuract of the notes that were played and the changes in tempo throughout the song were managed very well. Also the lyrics were delivered almost liek the album/cassete/CD variant of the song, which is impressive to me considering at the time of recording the bassist for Metallica was Jason Newstead and this song has parts for backing vocals that had to be performed by Robert Trujillo.

	The Song that was most off putting or that i like least from the set was That Was Just Your Life. The song itself on the album version i like, but in the live setting and after about twenty minutes of James Hetfield already yelling his vocal bits and still having about an hour and a half to go and conserve his voice took away from the songs naturaly blood pumping pacing and punch to the face feel. There were also errors made on the guitar pieces either from Rythm Guitar or Lead Guitar is hard to tell with the frantic pacing of the song, however small of a detail it detracts from the song. Another detrimental factor to me was the fact that the distortion effect from either the Amps or the speakers was to thick sounding in some parts and to thin in others, almost as if they were using dynamic filters that jsut couldn't keep up with the notes.
