Michael Lewis

Concert Report
Five Finger Death Punch set at Reading and Leeds Festival 2016.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BmTRozOkHcE

	Five Finger Death Punch's full set at Reading and Leeds Festival take place in Reading and Leeds, England annualy. The set list starts with Lift Me Up and contimes into Hard to See, Never Enough, Got Your Six, Bad Company, Jekyl an Hyde, Coming Down, Under and Over It, and concluding with The Bleeding. This set occured sometime between August 26th and August 28th.

	The event took place in an open field on a stage set about 8' above ground affording the band a great view of the approximatly 40,000 fans in attendance. The band's drummer Jeremy Spencerwas wearing his typical skeliton bone outfit with makeup on his face in the guise of a skull, Ivan Moody the singer was in a sleeveless jersy with a red hand painted on his forhead. The guitarist Zoltan Bathory wore large tee, with his opposite number on Guitar Jason Hook wore a jersey. The rythm section and big man of the band Chris Kael the bassist wore a motorcyle vest. The audience was mostly clothed in just everyday clothes nothing special some decided either they couldn't be bothered or that it was to hot to wear a shirt. The attitude of the audiance was generaly energetic at some points you can clearly see that they had a fairly sizeable circle pit going consisting of a good 2 - 300 people in it. 

	The song I personaly liked from their set was Under and Over It. The reasons i like this song are the rather brash and forward lyrics about not conforming to understood norms and challenging said norms; Another reason is the tempo fo the song is fast and agressive. Instrumentaly it's balanced well between the highs from the guitar and cymbal's on the drums to the lows from the Bass and the bass drum on the kit and the harmonies of sorts on the chorus are rather impactful.

	The song I did not particularly like from their set was Bad Company. The reason being that the instrumentation seemed to be particularly lacking in the volume department and the vocals just not particularly awe inspiring when compaired to how it sounds on the CD or how it originaly sounded on the Bad Company's original on the Bad Company Album. The tempo of the song seemed out of place inside of the set as well seeing as most of their other songs in the set are fairly fast paced and Bad Company is a fairly mid tempo song. The performers all looked like they were going to die of heat exauhstion though, ironic considering at the end of the song. 
